Don't recognize me.
We know each other.
Why didn't you want to take off my clothes last time?
So it's you.
Get to know each other again
I am Ton Nam, secretary of Cuu Gia.
Also a cold-faced killer.
Sun Nan, your two-faced identity is interesting enough.
Come on, I'll show you the room.
Young Master Truong, why are you not on guard this time?
I'm afraid I'll kill you, do you dare?
I dare not kill you
But I can scream.
By then you will be on the front page.
I don't mind illusions.
Miss Cuu spends money like that.
Who do you want to save?
I do not commit crimes.
What the hell?
How can you get on a boat and have money without getting off the boat?
Then tell me who I saved?
Come on, you'll see.